Refactor DatePicker component to react hooks and function component (#36835)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/components/src/date-time/README.md

-   Type: `Function`
-   Required: No

### onMonthPreviewed

> A callback function to display a new date and keep the focus on the calendar view while changing month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A callback invoked when selecting the previous/next month in the date picker. The callback receives the new month date in the ISO format as an argument.
```
